So, we just learned a number of things,
one is about complimentary probability.
If an event has certain probability P and
the complimentary event has the probability 1-p. You also learned about independence.
If two random variables X and Y are independent,
you're going to write like this.
That means the probability of the joint that any two variables can
assume is the product of the marginals.
So rather than asking the question what is the probability
for any combination that these two coins of value five coins have taken,
we can now look at the probability of each coin individually
due to it's probability and let's multiply them up.